README.md, before:

# Cstar311 Photography ReactJS website for Jose Hinojosa
## created by Tim Rusin

Cstar311 is Joe Hinojosa's freelance photography brand that was in need of a professional website to match the quality of his work.  

I am currently in the process of building out the main framework of the site, including: operational nav bar with dropdown menu for image categories, home page image carousel, and mobile responsiveness with collapsible navigation.

The idea is simple and elegant with minimal distractions to draw form his work along with a simple and attractive user experience. 

## Screen shots of site
![Full Screen](https://github.com/timrusin/cstar311/blob/main/src/assets/photos/fullscreen_capture.png)

![Mobile Screen](https://github.com/timrusin/cstar311/blob/main/src/assets/photos/mobile_capture.png)

![Mobile Screen Menu](https://github.com/timrusin/cstar311/blob/main/src/assets/photos/mobilemenu_capture.png)

## Stretch Goals
After getting the basic site up to showcase his work, I plan on working on the following stretch goals moving forward:

- Setting the site up with an AWS photo bucket account to remotely store all of the images as opposed to having them with the site.
-  Along with the previous goal, I would like for him to be able to upload new images himself and easily have them added to the site.
- Implementing user authentication that would allow him to ultimately upload client photos and have them acces them privately with their own user account
- Incorporate a shopping feature that would allow users to then select photos they want, sizes, and quantity. The users would then be able to place their order paying Joe through their paypal account. 

This is my first official site since graduating from my coding bootcamp and I've really been enjoying honing my ReactJS skills and artistic creativity.

More to Come!

Commit message:

deployed to heroku tweaks updated readme

README.md, after:

# Cstar311 Photography ReactJS website for Jose Hinojosa
## created by Tim Rusin

Cstar311 is Joe Hinojosa's freelance photography brand that was in need of a professional website to match the quality of his work.  

I am currently in the process of building out the main framework of the site, including: operational nav bar with dropdown menu for image categories, home page image carousel, and mobile responsiveness with collapsible navigation.

Current working link for deployed site for beta testing:
https://cstar311photography.herokuapp.com/

The idea is simple and elegant with minimal distractions to draw form his work along with a simple and attractive user experience. 

## Screen shots of site
![Full Screen](https://github.com/timrusin/cstar311/blob/main/src/assets/photos/fullscreen_capture.png)

![Mobile Screen](https://github.com/timrusin/cstar311/blob/main/src/assets/photos/mobile_capture.png)

![Mobile Screen Menu](https://github.com/timrusin/cstar311/blob/main/src/assets/photos/mobilemenu_capture.png)

## Stretch Goals
After getting the basic site up to showcase his work, I plan on working on the following stretch goals moving forward:

- Setting the site up with an AWS photo bucket account to remotely store all of the images as opposed to having them with the site.
-  Along with the previous goal, I would like for him to be able to upload new images himself and easily have them added to the site.
- Implementing user authentication that would allow him to ultimately upload client photos and have them acces them privately with their own user account
- Incorporate a shopping feature that would allow users to then select photos they want, sizes, and quantity. The users would then be able to place their order paying Joe through their paypal account. 

This is my first official site since graduating from my coding bootcamp and I've really been enjoying honing my ReactJS skills and artistic creativity.

More to Come!
